a lot of niches suck because they're too
competitive and they're not profitable
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down the 10 most
profitable seo niches to start an online
business in
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
sometimes you need to find a customer
first not a product that's a simple way
to find profitable niches so keep that
in the back of your mind in essence you
want to look for what people are looking
for right the industries what issues
they have and a lot of them and then go
figure out where to plug in the niches
around them
so let's go over some niches
one
health and personal care
so when you look at health care whether
it's
nootropics or ketogenic diet or teeth
whitening there's so many health related
topics out there or
hypnotherapy all these topics do really
well online they have tons of traffic
tons of volume
and
you can monetize really well teeth
whitening starting to get more and more
competitive years ago it wasn't as
competitive but people are now even
creating niches within teeth whitening
from the strips to lights to uh
homegrown products it is literally a
massive market that has so much traffic
another niche vaping cbd oil oil
diffusers
all this kind of stuff is doing really
well and you're seeing even niches
within there so for cbd oil
whether it's for joint pain or headaches
right you're seeing people create
products for very specific niches even
within cbd and the market cap is large
i'm seeing people that i know who just
popped up cbd products literally
generate millions of dollars a year in
revenue from things like cbd gummies
three tools and home improvement from
home bar equipment to wine refrigerators
to things that make your home better
like reverse osmosis systems
all these topics are probably like
reverse osmosis systems well they sell
for a pretty penny like 500 a thousand
dollars and people spend a lot of money
on this and there's a lot of traffic and
high conversions in a lot of those
niches so check them out as well
number four alternative bicycles ex like
the electric bikes adult tricycles uh
biker accessories and we're even seeing
sub niches within the e-bike industry
from e-bikes that go really fast to
e-bikes that you can use for off-roading
to e-bikes that you can do tricks with
e-bikes that you can take casual strolls
and don't go too fast but this is a
massive booming market i'm not telling
you to go create a e-bike company
because that would be expensive but you
can create content all around e-bikes
like the top 10 e-bikes and all this
kind of stuff that can generate you a
lot of affiliate income
five solar panels anything that's
eco-friendly or even vegan protein
powder
i know that's very specific but we're
finding those niches to do really well
solar we're also seeing a big push on
right now because the governments in
many parts of the world are trying to
really reduce the pollution and create a
more friendlier earth
and they don't want it to get as damaged
as much and who blames them on that i
totally am all for that uh so solar
panels we are seeing a big boom in it
and there's a lot of rebates and
programs out there where people are
offering solar panels to homeowners and
they're saying whatever you're paying
for your electricity bill just pay us
that and eventually your bill will stop
so it's a pretty good pitch and in some
cases actually cheaper than their
monthly electricity bill they put no
money up front
number six house related niches kitchen
grocery related stuff like grocery
delivery a home and bedroom outdoor
furniture
we're seeing that industry boom from
like patio furniture it's massive a lot
of people aren't creating content around
it
you can create reviews on all the way
from the types of patio furniture to the
tables to the umbrella to even the paint
painting your deck it works really well
and you can generate a lot of affiliate
income from this stuff as well
number seven wardrobe and wardrobe
accessories believe it or not even with
kovid people are still typing in a lot
of stuff related to wardrobes or
organizing their closets and it's
booming and not competitive much at all
and i highly recommend creating content
around that heck you can even create a
business where you take those leads and
you help people service their closet and
organize it
number eight board games and action
figures
action figures has been booming because
a lot of people also collect them board
games we've been seeing a boom in which
people have been playing more board
games at home and we don't see this
trend dying anytime soon board games
like monopoly have been popular for ages
yes you can get the app on your phone
but people also like the actual board
game so i recommend that you go out
there
and you create content around board
games number nine electronic car
accessories so you see tesla there's a
lot of tesla competitors coming up even
the
old car manufacturers like the porsches
and the fords everyone's getting into
electric vehicles but there's a whole
slew of accessories
that are coming up for these cars and
you want to make sure that you're
creating content and reviewing all of
them because you can generate a lot of
money selling them it's kind of like an
iphone right when a new iphone comes out
there's so much money also in the cases
it's very similar for these electronic
car accessories and number 10 the pet
supply industry
pets huge market you know a large chunk
of homes out there throughout the whole
world have pets it's well into the
double-digit percentiles i don't know
the exact percentage
and the us is quite high on the dog
ratio
and every country varies but here's
what's interesting you know pet supplies
there's a lot of pet supplies out there
and creating content around it becoming
affiliates or even selling any products
related to pet supplies is a massive
industry
now if you need help with any one of
these niches if you want to conquer it
check out my audience np digital if you
have any questions leave a comment below
if you enjoy the video like it share it
tell the people about it thank you for
watching